Have a hand
Is 500 million enough?
500 million is long enough
Pack it up for me
Congratulations to Mr. Qin Yu
Congratulations to Miss Baguio Liang Wei for winning 500 million
You can go to the second floor to participate in the auction.
Waiting for the feast to begin
There we go.
Hey, the second floor auction gathered celebrities from all walks of life
They're all ordinary people, don't tease me
Who are you?
Today is Baguio
The wedding day of the master and Mr. Qingyun
Business flow from all walks of life
Quangui is waiting for the wedding reception on the second floor
How dare you trespass into Elysium Temple
I am Qian Yun's fiancee
Come and grab the kiss
Get away from me